# Apertus Camera Remote Interface

I got ask from Sebastian if i have got time for Creating the Backend and the Integration of there Webinterface.

At the moment i don't plan to invest a lot of time into this project but it's a good execise for another bigger Project that could overlap some Functionality.


## Frontend Software (App)

What i have seen is that they use a Framework based on vue.js it's surly a good core but the filesize was for me a bit overload and i would like to use another Frontend.

The Mockup was for me not optimized for Mobile or Tablet.
In my view i would like to use a web database where all functions are in this db and the GUI gets generated by a Rule that can be adjusted.
like that you can search all functions and make a Favourite Functions list. or show all elements that have been modified. So you get much more productiv Functionalitys then with a old school setup.  

#### Task

* Create a API Layer for the PouchDB Database
* Create a Page Layout System for all the components 
* get all the commands and insert into the DB (maybe just a Shell Command) 
* Make a Communication layer
* (optional) a videostream from the Camera if possible.

## Backend Software (REST Server)

the Backend Software should be made with c++ but to be honest i'm not a c++ developer so i hope it would be acceptable to use Python or node.js.

#### Task

* Create a first version of a REST Server in Python (Proof of Work)
* Make a functional node.js Server with all function's and a direct integration into the Apertus Camera Backend. 

